enhance: include permission group permissions in the generated schema (#13057)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/include-permissions-in-schema.md

---
tauri: minor:enhance
tauri-utils: minor:enhance
---

> Include permission group permissions in the generated schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhanced the description of generated docs and schema for permission sets to include list of permissions within.
```
